Make RFC8422 deprecated TLS EC curves disablable (#26873)
openssl/openssl: CHANGES.md

### Changes between 3.4 and 3.5 [xx XXX xxxx]

* Added a `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` configuration option.

  With `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` the TLS 1.2 and earlier EC groups that
  were deprecated in RFC8422 are disabled at compile time.  This does not
  affect use of the associated curves outside TLS.  These groups are not
  currently disabled by default.  With the `enable-tls-deprecated-ec` option
  these TLS groups will remain available even if the default changes, provided

>   the underlying EC curves remain implemented.

Author: The full text reads:

  With `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` the TLS 1.2 and earlier EC groups that                                                                                              
  were deprecated in RFC8422 are disabled at compile time.  This does not                                                                                                
  affect use of the associated curves outside TLS.  **These groups are not                                                                                                 
  currently disabled by default**.  With the `enable-tls-deprecated-ec` option                                                                                             
  these TLS groups will remain available even if the default changes, provided                                                                                           
  the underlying EC curves remain implemented.

This really should be sufficient, especially because the `enable` variant is
needed only "if the default changes".

>   With `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` the TLS 1.2 and earlier EC groups that
>   were deprecated in RFC8422 are disabled at compile time.  This does not
>   affect use of the associated curves outside TLS.  These groups are not
>   currently disabled by default.  With the `enable-tls-deprecated-ec` option
>   these TLS groups will remain available even if the default changes, provided
>   the underlying EC curves remain implemented.

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
  With `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` the support for TLS elliptic curve
  groups that were deprecated in RFC8422 is disabled at compile time.

  This does not affect use of the associated curves outside TLS.  By default
  support for these groups is compiled in but these groups are not enabled
  in the default run-time configuration of supported groups.
```

### Changes between 3.4 and 3.5 [xx XXX xxxx]

> * Added a `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` configuration option.

Reviewer 2: The documented configure option is incorrect, it's `no-tls-deprecated-ec`.

>   The `no-tls-deprecated-ec-groups` option disables support for TLS elliptic

Reviewer 2: Ditto
